OpenJDK installation instructions for MacOS (#18)
koushikkothagal/java-backend-bootcamp: session-02-big-picture/README.md

TODO

## On Mac
1. Click the link below to get to the download page.  
   [https://jdk.java.net/19/](https://jdk.java.net/19/)

2. Click on the "tar.gz" file appropriate for your processor. 

   Intel processor: Click on "tar.gz" to the right of "macOs/x64".
   

>    M1 processor: Click on "tar.gz" to the right of "macOS/AArch64". 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   Apple Silicon processor: Click on "tar.gz" to the right of "macOS/AArch64". 
```
